Upgrade actions dependencies (#13)
purescript-contrib/purescript-github-actions-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

Bugfixes:

> - GitHub `@actions/*` dependencies upgraded for post-October 2020 compatibility @jisantuc

Reviewer: Do you mind also including the PR number? ie. `(#13 by @jisantuc)`. Also, I think it's worth noting that the `addPath` function is affected, and that we're upgrading because of security vulnerabilities as described in [this GitHub announcement](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands)

Author: Sure -- 93a58d7

Bugfixes:

> - GitHub `@actions/*` dependencies upgraded for post-October 2020 compatibility. This affects the functionality of `addPath`, which is [formally deprecated](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands/) to avoid a security vulnerability. [#13](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/purescript-github-actions-toolkit/pull/13) @jisantuc

Reviewer: I know you have no other changelog entries to base formatting from, but we've been trying to standardize a bit on this format elsewhere (#PR by @some-username)

```suggestion
- GitHub `@actions/*` dependencies upgraded for post-October 2020 compatibility. This affects the functionality of `addPath`, which is [formally deprecated](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands/) to avoid a security vulnerability. (#13 by @jisantuc)
```
